
Your role
Does quantitative modeling excite you? Are you an innovative thinker and interested in risk topics? Do you enjoy understanding algorithms and their background?
We're looking for a model developer who will:
design, build and test AI models and solutions for business stakeholders and users primarily relying on Python based libraries and frameworks
ensure adherence to standards related to our AI development pipeline, model validation, front / back-end interfaces and workflow procedures
design and implement reusable Python assets, code templates and ongoing AI development framework enhancements.
stakeholder management across various levels within the business unit and interact with all relevant GCRG stakeholders.
collaborate with data architects and IT specialists to support as well the development of a data strategy and bespoke technical infrastructure

Your team
Methodologies and Models within Group Compliance, Regulatory and Governance is a newly established unit which uses state of the art AI/Machine Learning based solutions, covering the entire non-financial risk control and compliance space. Our mandate is to design and build the next-generation methodology set and AI development pipeline & tooling in an end-to-end responsibility. We are an ambitious team, with a startup setup and entrepreneurial spirit, embedded within a global financial institution.

Your expertise
university degree (Master's or Ph.D.) in Computer Science, Physics, Statistics or Mathematics
up to 5 years of analytics / statistical model development experience, using advanced quantitative & machine learning methods, applied preferably in financial services, risk & compliance domain
fluent in Python or R
strong expertise in Scikit, Pandas, Numpy, Tensorflow, Keras, Spacy, model transparency and interpretability techniques
front-end prototyping experience in R Shiny or JS React advantageous
understanding of model risk management processes
basic understanding of IT and software engineering principles
good communication, writing & presentation skills
fluency in English required, other languages (e.g. German) advantageous

About Us
